Portfolio project

Style: 
pixelart - I want the page to look like a game
Simple and clean
Default dark mode
light mode that's accessibility-friendly, and not too bright
  Color for lightmode:
  Purple/blue-ish
  Color for darkmode:
  orange-ish
Think innovatively, not just a basic portfolio
Inspo: https://adventofcode.com/

content: 
First page should be my name in pixelart, loading progressively

Pages: 
About me
Projects
Contact
Socials

Projects need to be sorted in a neat way as I'm a generalist (which I want to highlight). plan this part out thuroughly as it's important. Navigation is key, and the user needs to know where they are at all times.
CV-page should look like the roadmaps on https://roadmap.sh/devops but in pixelart and dark. take the information from https://www.linkedin.com/in/caspianalmerud/ and place it in a nice way. Make a neat structure for things that overlap time-wise and make expandable nodes for skills, experiences and notes about the workplace. There should be an option to toggle on personal achievements throughuout the timeline as well. Personal achievements are important to highlight as they show the user that I'm not just a robot - and the nodes for personal stuff should have another colour. 

On the projects page, we'll need to have a search function to filter projects by keywords. as well as regular filters. 

When clicking on a project, it should be the main page of the project. Here it should have a thumbnail, title, description, a link to the project, a link to the code when possible, a link to the demo when possible, and a link to the video when possible. remember, the majority of my projects won't be code-related. It should also have a section for skills used in the project, and a section for the tools used in the project. 

When clicking on a social, it should open a new tab to the social media site. Just use Linkedin, github and X. 

There should be a blog page that should have a list of posts. The posts should have a title, a description, a link to the post. The posts should be sorted in a nice way. 

I don't know how the site will be deployed yet, so keep the structure to what is in this repo and I'll figure hosting out later. 

There should also be a small game that can be played on the site. We'll start by drawing inspiration from the google chrome dinosaur game, but make it a small man instead, pixelart. He's jumping over obstacles, and the obstacles are platforms that move from left to right. There should be a score counter, and a game over screen. The game should be responsive, and it should be possible to play on mobile. The game should be simple and fun, and should be a nice addition to the site. The user jumps with the spacebar and touch, so disable scroll once the game is started. You can use the google chrome dinosaur game as inspiration for the design. 

Feel free to ask me questions about the site and the project. 